New Forge FE Instructions (#2384)
tenstorrent/tt-forge-fe: docs/src/getting_started.md

* [Where to Go Next]

> **NOTE:** If you encounter issues, please request assistance on the
>[TT-Forge-FE Issues](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-forge-fe/issues) page.

## Setup Options
TT-Forge-FE can be used to run models from any framework. Because TT-Forge-FE is open source, you can also develop and add features to it. Setup instructions differ based on the task. You have the following options, listed in order of difficulty:
* [Installing a Wheel and Running an Example](#installing-a-wheel-and-running-an-example) - You should choose this option if you want to run models.
* [Using a Docker Container to Run an Example](getting_started_docker.md) - Choose this option if you want to keep the environment for running models separate from your existing environment.
* [Building from Source](getting_started_build_from_source.md) - This option is best if you want to develop TT-Forge-FE further. It's a more complex process you are unlikely to need if you want to stick with running a model.

## Configuring Hardware
Before setup can happen, you must configure your hardware. This section of the walkthrough shows you how to do a quick setup using TT-Installer.

> 1. Configure your hardware with TT-Installer:

Reviewer: Is it worth calling out that this step only needs to be done if you have not configured your system already?

```bash
tt-smi
```

You should see the Tenstorrent System Management Interface. It allows you to view real-time stats, diagnostics, and health info about your Tenstorrent device.

![TT-SMI](./imgs/tt_smi.png)

## Installing a Wheel and Running an Example

This section walks you through downloading and installing a wheel. You can install the wheel wherever you would like if it is for running a model.

1. Make sure you are in an active virtual environment. This walkthrough uses the same environment you activated to look at TT-SMI in the [Configuring Hardware](#configuring-hardware) section.

2. Navigate to the [Tenstorrent Nightly Releases](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-forge/releases) page.

3. For this walkthrough, TT-Forge-FE is used. You need to install two wheels for set up, **forge** and **tvm**. Scroll down the releases page until you see the latest release for **tt-forge-fe nightly**.

4. Go to the bottom of the section for your release and click on the triangle next to **Assets**. You are presented with two installable wheels, one for **tt_forge_fe** and one for **tt_tvm**. You can also download the source code for everything as a **.zip** or a **tar.gz** file.

> The links listed in this walkthrough are taken from the releases page as an example, however for the most current results get the links from the [Tenstorrent Nightly Releases](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-forge/releases) page. Here are the example links for install:

Reviewer 2: The unified is still in PR
https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-forge/pull/166

But to your question, if you don't add a version tag it will pull the latest stable or latest nightly with `--pre` on the pip install command

> The links listed in this walkthrough are taken from the releases page as an example, however for the most current results get the links from the [Tenstorrent Nightly Releases](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-forge/releases) page. Here are the example links for install:

Author: What does the command look like in that case? I can add it now if the PR is going to be made available live soon.

```bash

> pip install https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-forge/releases/download/nightly-0.1.0.dev20250514060212/forge-0.1.0.dev20250514060212-cp310-cp310-linux_x86_64.whl

Reviewer 3: @jmcgrathTT @nsumrakTT, how can we reference the latest wheel here? 

It'll be good for the end-user to always get the latest version of the FFE wheel. That way, we can simplify the above explanation on how to get the latest, and just provide two pip commands to run. @einnesTT if there is an option to do this, we can just add a small note on how to get a specific version of our wheel.

Author: Fixed for now.

    * [Using a Docker Container to Run an Example](getting_started_docker.md)
    * [Building From Source](getting_started_build_from_source.md)
* [Where to Go Next](#where-to-go-next)

> **NOTE:** If you encounter issues, please request assistance on the
>[TT-Forge-FE Issues](https://github.com/tenstorrent/tt-forge-fe/issues) page.

## Setup Options
TT-Forge-FE can be used to run models from any framework. Because TT-Forge-FE is open source, you can also develop and add features to it. Setup instructions differ based on the task. You have the following options, listed in order of difficulty:
* [Installing a Wheel and Running an Example](#installing-a-wheel-and-running-an-example) - You should choose this option if you want to run models.
* [Using a Docker Container to Run an Example](getting_started_docker.md) - Choose this option if you want to keep the environment for running models separate from your existing environment.
* [Building from Source](getting_started_build_from_source.md) - This option is best if you want to develop TT-Forge-FE further. It's a more complex process you are unlikely to need if you want to stick with running a model.

> ## Configuring Hardware

Reviewer 4: Since, this is reocurring, maybe we can swap the sections, so that the `Configuring Hardware` is before the `Setup Options` section.

Also, i would have instructions for wheel also follow the same convention as the other getting started files, such that it is contained in a separate file. Each file can then have a link to `Configuring Hardware` to point users if they haven't done it already.

It would look something like this:

```markdown
## Configuring Hardware
<Instructions for configuring hardware>

## Setup Options
TT-Forge-FE can be used to run models from any framework. Because TT-Forge-FE is open source, you can also develop and add features to it. Setup instructions differ based on the task. You have the following options, listed in order of difficulty:
* [Installing a Wheel and Running an Example](getting_started_wheel.md) - You should choose this option if you want to run models.
* [Using a Docker Container to Run an Example](getting_started_docker.md) - Choose this option if you want to keep the environment for running models separate from your existing environment.
* [Building from Source](getting_started_build_from_source.md) - This option is best if you want to develop TT-Forge-FE further. It's a more complex process you are unlikely to need if you want to stick with running a model.

END OF FILE
```

2. Reboot your machine.

3. Please ensure that after you run this script, after you complete reboot, you activate the virtual environment it sets up - ```source ~/.tenstorrent-venv/bin/activate```.

4. After your environment is running, to check that everything is configured, type the following:

```bash
tt-smi
```

You should see the Tenstorrent System Management Interface. It allows you to view real-time stats, diagnostics, and health info about your Tenstorrent device.

![TT-SMI](./imgs/tt_smi.png)

## Installing a Wheel and Running an Example

This section walks you through downloading and installing a wheel. You can install the wheel wherever you would like if it is for running a model.

1. Make sure you are in an active virtual environment. This walkthrough uses the same environment you activated to look at TT-SMI in the [Configuring Hardware](#configuring-hardware) section.

2. For this walkthrough, TT-Forge-FE is used. You need to install two wheels for set up, **forge** and **tvm**. Install the wheels:

```bash
pip install tt_forge_fe --extra-index-url https://pypi.eng.aws.tenstorrent.com/
pip install tt_tvm  --extra-index-url https://pypi.eng.aws.tenstorrent.com/
```

> 3. To test that everything is running correctly, try an example model. You can use nano or another text editor to paste this code into a file named **forge_example.py** and then run it from the terminal. You should still have your virtual environment running after installing the wheels when running this example:

Reviewer 4: I wouldn't explain how to write into a file:
```suggestion
3. To test that everything is running correctly, try an example model. 
3.a. Create a file `forge_example.py` with the following content:
<code snippet>
3.b. Run it with:
 ```python forge_example.py```
```

or something similar...
